rafa has been your first games
after your injury having been
outside so much time in your experience the
biggest challenge has been physical or
rather psychological when going back to being
well as competing in a tournament
great good after all the
problems and challenges because first of all
instead they are physical they can not be the
problem that has kept me out of the
competition that has been the knee this
is the most important problem is the
physical not after the mental problem does not
I believe that at all times accepted
within what fits the situation
moments better times worse
you can imagine after being many
months waiting to play again
matches we're playing today
but good the wait is always worth the
and we have worked hard to return
to be here and here we are better or worse
here we are and the important thing is that the
sensations go better to daily
you feel that there has been something positive about
have taken a break of 7 8 months
positive there are always positive things there
they always say that there is no harm
well do not come 'no, maybe that helped me and
maybe this helps me to lengthen my
race that's always an option not
I believe that after many years
playing practically without ceasing
a mental level break at the physical level
I believe that it is not bad without any doubt
Now obviously, if you ask me
to me as an athlete as a competitor
I would have liked to be
competing
in Mexico you have a group of fans that
they adore you and you take off your shirt and it's
like crazy I think we have a lot
a lot of support and good we wish you everything
better hope you can go back to
crowned champion thank you very much
thank you very much the truth that since
that I got the audience the people are
supporting me very much make me feel very
very well and very grateful for everything with
Sister
grateful